Course Syllabus for "PSYCH202B: Research Methods Lab"
-----------------------------------------------------

This Research Methods Lab course is part two of the Research Methods
series. You should not attempt this course without having first
completed the Research Methods course
([PSYCH202A](http://www.saylor.org/courses/psych202a/)). This Lab
extends beyond the basics of research methodology and the logic of
experimental design, concepts you learned in
[PSYCH202A](http://www.saylor.org/courses/psych202a/).  You will learn
to put these concepts into practice while conducting laboratory
experiments. While we may not explicitly apply all of the concepts
introduced in the Research Methods lecture course, remember that each of
them will remain relevant during the evaluation and review phases of
your research. This course intends to acquaint the student with a
variety of different research techniques.  Students will participate in
every stage of experimentation, from creation and editing to evaluation
and review.   As such, this course will not only review relevant
concepts from the Research Methods lecture, but will also broach a
number of practical matters, including the standard organizational
format for research project documentation.

### Course Requirements

In order to take this course you must:  
    
 √    Have access to a computer.  
    
 √    Have continuous broadband Internet access.  
    
 √    Have the ability/permission to install plug-ins or software (e.g.,
Adobe Reader or Flash).  
    
 √    Have the ability to download and save files and documents to a
computer.  
    
 √    Have the ability to open Microsoft files and documents (.doc,
.ppt, .xls, etc.).  
    
 √    Be competent in the English language.  
    
 √    Have read the [Saylor Student
Handbook.](http://www.saylor.org/site/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Saylor-StudentHandbook.pdf)  

